README.md, before:

# awesome-prompt
This script provides an easy way to enjoy a colorful responsive prompt.
It divides the prompt line in three sections: left, center and right. If they don't fit, it will move those sections that doesn't fit to the next line.

## Instructions:
 In order to use this script using the default config, you just need to add this line to your $HOME/.bashrc file:
    `source <full path to the script>`
 You can modify shown information using environment variables that you can export before sourcing the line in the previous point or while running for temporary modifications:
 ```
 export <option>=1
 ```
 Supported options:
 * `SHOW_BAT_STATUS`: Shows the battery charge and if you are running on AC or battery 
 * `SHOW_SYS_STATS`: Shows the most CPU consuming process at the moment
 * `SHOW_QEMU`: Shows currently running Qemu VMs. Beware of it's performance impact.
 * `SHOW_VBOX`: Shows currently running VirtualBox VMs. Beware of it's performance impact.
 * `SHOW_GIT`: Shows GIT information of current working directory. It requires `git-prompt.sh` script ( which is part of Git distribution and possibly at `/etc/bash_completion.d/git-prompt.sh` ) has been sourced before this script. i.e.:
 ```
 source $HOME/.git-prompt.sh
 export SHOW_GIT=1
 source $HOME/awesome-prompt.sh
```
 * `SHOW_TIMING`: Only for debug purposes. It prints timing information to stderr in order to help spotting commands that might slow the prompt.

 Copyright (C) 2016 Aitor Pazos <mail@aitorpazos.es>
 
 Distributed under the GNU General Public License, version 3.0.

Commit message:

Added RGB color support and tweak defaults
This change adjusts colors scheme to use RGB colors.

This allows to get more control over the presentation as indexed colors
depend on the terminal emulator settings.

Defaults have been adjusted to be less bright and disturbing-

Signed-off-by: Aitor Pazos <aitor@telnyx.com>

README.md, after:

# awesome-prompt
This script provides an easy way to enjoy a colorful responsive prompt.
It divides the prompt line in three sections: left, center and right. If they don't fit, it will move those sections that doesn't fit to the next line.

## Prerequisites
Awesome-prompt expects RGB colors support from the terminal emulator. This quick
guide provides more info: https://gist.github.com/XVilka/8346728#file-truecolour-md

## Instructions
 In order to use this script using the default config, you just need to add this line to your $HOME/.bashrc file:
    `source <full path to the script>`
 You can modify shown information using environment variables that you can export before sourcing the line in the previous point or while running for temporary modifications:
 ```
 export <option>=1
 ```
 Supported options:
 * `SHOW_BAT_STATUS`: Shows the battery charge and if you are running on AC or battery 
 * `SHOW_SYS_STATS`: Shows the most CPU consuming process at the moment
 * `SHOW_QEMU`: Shows currently running Qemu VMs. Beware of it's performance impact.
 * `SHOW_VBOX`: Shows currently running VirtualBox VMs. Beware of it's performance impact.
 * `SHOW_GIT`: Shows GIT information of current working directory. It requires `git-prompt.sh` script ( which is part of Git distribution and possibly at `/etc/bash_completion.d/git-prompt.sh` ) has been sourced before this script. i.e.:
 ```
 source $HOME/.git-prompt.sh
 export SHOW_GIT=1
 source $HOME/awesome-prompt.sh
```
 * `SHOW_TIMING`: Only for debug purposes. It prints timing information to stderr in order to help spotting commands that might slow the prompt.

 Copyright (C) 2016 Aitor Pazos <mail@aitorpazos.es>
 
 Distributed under the GNU General Public License, version 3.0.
